To start the game, each player chooses a token and the bank will distributes each player $1500.

 The highest roll of the dice will go first. Start in the GO and move clockwise around the board
 according to the number on the dice. If you land on an available  property, you can buy it by
 paying the banker the price listed on the title. The advantage of owning property is that other
 players have to pay you rent when they land on your square. If you buy all of the properties
 in the same color group, then you have a monopoly,  allowing you to charge double the listed
 rent. Once you  have a monopoly, you can start to build houses and eventually a hotel,
 raising the rent further. Of course, when you land on an opponent’s property, you have to 
 pay the rent either. If you land on an available property, but decline to buy it, then the 
 banker will open an auction to buy that property, with the highest bidder. The bank starts  the
 bidding at any price and all players can participate in, including the player who originally 
 declined the property. You can be sent to the JAIL in three ways, by landing on the square 
 marked GO TO JAIL, by picking a “Go to jail” card (from CHANCE or COMMUNITY CHEST) or by 
 throwing  three doubles in a row. You can also get out of jail in three ways: using the “Get
 out of Jail Free” card, rolling doubles on one of three consecutive turns. If you don’t roll
 doubles after three turns, you have to pay $500 to get out of jail. While in jail, you can 
 still buy or  sell properties, and collect rent. Once you pick the  card “ Go to jail “, you 
 won’t be collect $500 salary as you pass to the GO until the next time you pass the GO square.
 You can mortgage your own properties to the bank to make debts and take it out with the price 
 of the property plus its 10%. A player goes bankrupt when he or she doesn’t have enough cash 
 or assets to pay the bank. Players can sell houses and  hotels back to the bank for half of 
 their original value- but if that doesn’t provide enough cash, the bankrupt player forfeits 
 all properties to the bank or an opponent and is out of the game.   "END OF GAME: the first 
 player go to bankrupt retires from the game as in standard game. However, as soon as a second  
 player goes bankrupt, the game ends. Each remaining player then adds together: Cash in handSite,
 Utilities and Stations owned by him or her at the price printed on the board;  Any mortgaged
 property owned by him at one-half of the price printed on the board; Houses, valued at purchase
 price; Hotels, valued at the purchase price including the value of the three Houses exchanged;
 
 The richest player will win.